Welcome to the “Always Rejoice”!
Convention of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
We’re so happy
that you were able to arrange
to attend all three days
of this convention.
Why were the apostle Paul’s words
at Philippians 4:4 chosen
as the theme for this year’s convention?
Well, over the past four years,
the Governing Body
has used conventions
to highlight qualities
that endear us to Jehovah
and help us to be victorious
in our struggle
against Satan and his world.
We’ve had convention themes
that focused on the need
for loyalty,
endurance,
courage,
and love.
This year,
the convention theme highlights the need
for joy.
At Nehemiah 8:10,
we’re told:
“The joy of Jehovah is your stronghold.”
In the near future,
our faith will be tested
as never before.
But if we acquire true joy
with the help of God’s holy spirit,
we’ll be able to stand firm
and weather all the storms
that come our way.
Godly joy is a deep-seated quality
of the heart.
It’s a state of happiness that remains
whether the conditions
around us are pleasant or not.
In fact, a person
can be disturbed about something
but still have joy in his heart.
For example, the apostles were flogged
for speaking about the Christ.
Yet, “they went out
from before the Sanhedrin,
“rejoicing because they
had been counted worthy
to be dishonored in behalf of his name.”
Obviously, they weren’t rejoicing
over the flogging they had received.
But as servants of God,
they found true joy
in keeping their integrity to him.
However, is it possible for a Christian
always to be rejoicing?
Yes, because true joy is an aspect
of the fruitage of God’s holy spirit.
As an inward quality,
joy is not dependent on external things,
not even on our brothers.
But it does depend on God’s spirit.
And as already noted,
our joy comes
from that deep inner satisfaction
of knowing that we have the truth,
that we’re doing what pleases Jehovah,
and that our Kingdom hope is sure.
So godly joy is not the transient joy
that people experience
because they’ve secured a well-paying job,
gone on an exotic vacation,
attained fame and prestige,
or acquired some coveted material item
or large sum of money.
No, true joy has to be cultivated
by means of holy spirit.
To obtain Jehovah’s holy spirit,
we have to draw close to him
and give him exclusive devotion.
At Acts 5:32,
we’re told that God gives holy spirit
“to those obeying him as ruler.”
During these three days,
the convention program
will help us to deepen
our appreciation
for godly joy.
We’ll learn what true joy is,
how to cultivate it,
how to maintain it during difficult times,
and how to display it
as it wells up in our hearts.
Such joy will clearly identify us
as disciples of Jesus,
and it will enable us to serve
as beacons of light in this dark world
and draw others to our “happy God.”
You’ll note
that nearly the entire second day
has been devoted
to the joy of disciple-making.
Godly joy will help us
to face challenges to our integrity.
Remember that it was
“the joy that was set before him”
that helped Jesus to face
an excruciating death on a torture stake.
So please pay rapt attention
to the talks and videos.
Look up the scriptures,
and read them along with the speakers,
thus allowing God’s Word
to exert its powerful force
on your heart.
May this convention
become a milestone
in your development
as a joyful imitator of our happy God.
How thankful we are
that he made us “in his image,”
giving us the capacity
to feel and express godly joy!
And how thankful we are
that he also gives us his holy spirit
to help us cultivate that kind of joy!
We love you very much,
and we pray that each one of you
will forever respond to the words
of the psalmist at Psalm 100:2:
“Serve Jehovah with rejoicing.
Come into his presence
with joyful shouting.”